# Marvel Search Engine
<p align="justify"> &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspA Marvel Search Engine application is a platform that allows users to search and discover information about the Marvel Comics universe. The application will have a large database of Marvel characters, along with details such as descriptions, images, and publication dates. Users can search for specific characters, The search results will be presented in an intuitive and user-friendly manner, allowing users to easily navigate and explore the information they are interested in.</p>
<p align="justify">&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspIn addition to the search functionality, the application will also provide login facility and sign up so that users can get the search history whenever required in future. Random Search Option is also featured which will allow users to discover new and interesting aspects of the Marvel universe that they may not have considered before. The Marvel Search Engine application will be accessible through a web-based interface, this will make it convenient for users to access the information they need on the go, or from the comfort of their own homes. </p>
<p align="justify">&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspAjax has been used for form submission. jQuery has been used for form validation. Java scripts were used for API and the database was connected through PHP along with session variables for login. HTML5 features such as navigation bar, image, video audio etc. were used along with css3 features.</p>
<p align="justify">&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspOverall, the Marvel Search Engine application will provide a comprehensive and engaging experience for Marvel fans and comic book enthusiasts, allowing them to easily explore and discover new information about their favourite characters.</p>
